= README
This is a solution for "Desafio Programação 1" developed by Jessica Moura de Sousa

* Ruby     version: 2.2.1
* Rails    version: 4.2.6
* Postgres version: 0.18.4

== System dependencies
* Ruby and Rails on version listed here or higher
* You must have Postgres database installed in order to run this application.

== Configuration
Run the following command:

  bundle install

== Database Creation
After the configuration, you can create the database with the following command:

  rake db:migrate

== How To Run Tests
To perform test, you need run the rails test command as below:

  rspec

== Deployment Instructions
To deploy the application on your localhost run the following command after all steps above:

  rails s

== Usage
If you did all the configuration and creation steps correctly, when you deploy the application, it should be running at: http://localhost:3000

* Import File

You will be redirected to the main page of the application. In this page, you may import an order file or view the list of imported ones.
To import, just select a file and click at "Importar Pedido" button. If the file is good and has been successfuly imported, a success message will be shown and the new order will appear in the table. If any error appear, the file will not be imported.

* View and Delete Order

If there is at least one Order listed in table, you can "View" it's details by clicking at the order number link in the row. You will be redirected to Order page which shows the Order Items inserted.

And if you already have imported a file, you can "Delete" it clicking at "Excluir Pedido" link in the Order row. It's important to say that it is irreversible.
